so we just finished up a pretty large
large project that we've been working on
in the Yakima River the last few months
and what we've done is we've redesigned
the entire Yakima River network all the
way from the upper river down to the low
Roza and we've come up with some
floaters maps a series of three maps
that cover a lot of the boat accesses
and waiting access is all the way from
the ensign ranch down to Harlan's
Landing actually which is an access
below Rosa that not many people floating
we've split it into three sections and
what it is it's a two page series the
first page gives a little bit of
information as you can see this is the
Reynard Rosa section the Yakima River
Canyon we've identified all of the
launches we've made some notes about
putting in and taking out at those
launches and also one confusing thing
that we answer questions about every
single day here is what path do I need
to park there and what path do I need to
leave my vehicle here so all of that's
addressed in here page one is pretty
straightforward very informational page
two what we've done is we've actually
gone in and identified these map these
accesses on the map and taken pictures
of each individual access - so you know
exactly where you're at you can look at
the picture you can see where it's where
you're you're going to be putting in and
when you get there you can identify if
you're at the right place or not this is
all printed on waterproof paper we put a
drama in the upper corner so that if you
want to stick them all together you can
so that's the canyon one here's the
farmlands one moving up same thing notes
about the accesses all of the interstate
exits that you would take to get to
those accesses are identified and then
pictures to go with it and then we head
from there up to the upper Yakima River
and this is a section a lot of people
have questions about and are not very
familiar with so this one is probably
going to be one of the more useful ones
even
and the orientation on that is great yet
really good information good notes very
worthwhile stuff and it's going to give
you a very reasonable expectation of
what you should see and and where you
should go when you come out here with
these maps the retail price on them is
1295 each you can buy the set of three
for 29.95 the grommets are nice because
if you want to clip all of them together
with Terra beaner and hanging off your
boat then you can do that this material
like I mentioned it's 100% waterproof
it's all done in in very durable
high-quality print and if you want to
roll those things up at any point and
store them put them in your glove box
whatever put a rubber band around them
you can do that they pack up nice and
tighten and it's a great addition to
have for your trip boat when you're
floating in the Yakima River thanks